Dear Prof. Xiong,
  Thank you for your quick reply and remind. I have expected the situation when we have started our communications. I think my only problem considering the mechanical design and manufacturing parts is that will them benefit my future researches on legged robotics like giving me precise understanding on how to model and control them? Will I get familiar with bipedal or quadruped robots through this research? If it is so, then I believe that the work will be a great entry point for my research career and worth of my efforts. 
  Considering the leg design and manufacturing, my rough plan is listed as bellow. The modern sensors actually involve many specific manufacturing or machining machines and the most possible way for us is to cooperate with other labs. If we determine to start, then my first work will be to find the categories and precise designs of tactile sensors used in terrain classification and go through the faculty list to find the professors that are working on the same field. I think having some discussions with them will be of great help. I do not have certain ideas considering leg design and I believe learning with you will be the most efficient way. I think that there will be stuffs in manufacturing centers who can help students on projects and turn to them for help may be a good idea. 
Yours sincerely,
                                                                                                                                        Yuhao Huang
  